docs(opentelemetry): better description of OTel logs (#8381)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/opentelemetry/overview/_index.md

#### Log scopes

Two different kinds of logs are exported: **Request** and **Non-Request** scoped.
  * Request logs are directly associated with requests. These application logs are produced during the request lifecycle. For example, these could be logs generated by a plugin during its Access or Response phase, or by Kong's core logic.
  * Non-request logs are not directly associated with a request. They are produced outside the request lifecycle. For examples, this could be logs generated asynchronously (in a timer) or during a worker's startup.

#### Log level

Logs are recorded based on the log level that is configured for {{site.base_gateway}}. If a log is emitted with a level that is lower than the configured log level, it is not recorded or exported.

{:.note}

> > **Note:** Not all logs are guaranteed to be recorded. Logs that are not recorded include those produced by the Nginx master process and low-level errors produced by Nginx. Operators are expected to still capture the Nginx `error.log` file (which always includes all of such logs) in addition to using this feature, to avoid losing any detail that might be useful for deeper troubleshooting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Not all logs are guaranteed to be recorded. Logs that are not recorded include those produced by the Nginx master process and low-level errors produced by Nginx. Operators are expected to still capture the Nginx `error.log` file (which always includes all such logs) in addition to using this feature, to avoid losing any details that might be useful for deeper troubleshooting.
```
